Add DEM parameters documentation (#331)
lethe-cfd/lethe: doc/source/parameters/dem/mesh.rst

Mesh
-------------------

> The mesh subsection of DEM simulations is similar to that of `CFD <https://lethe-cfd.github.io/lethe/parameters/cfd/mesh.html>`_ in Lethe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The mesh subsection of DEM simulations is identical to th the `CFD <https://lethe-cfd.github.io/lethe/parameters/cfd/mesh.html>`_ in Lethe.
```
